README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `pages/index.js`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

[API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) can be accessed on [http://localhost:3000/api/hello](http://localhost:3000/api/hello). This endpoint can be edited in `pages/api/hello.js`.

The `pages/api` directory is mapped to `/api/*`. Files in this directory are treated as [API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) instead of React pages.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

register, login, logout, and get user details complete on backend

README.md, after:

# What is Saviland Net? 

This is... My base.
I have to develop a clear identity for it.

What am I gonna use it for? 
What is it gonna look like? 

- Hosting my portfolios.
- Cloud storing important files and data.

- Communicate with friends and visitors. 
- ^ Login, logout, register for an account, and edit/delete account in your profile screen. 
- ^ Explore various chatrooms, and DM people. 
- ^ 

# There will be Two Parts

~ Savis Base ~
Access Level: Me - 
Used for safekeeping my own files, DM people registered on my platform, and scan through an information hub connected to the Saviland_Net_DB itself. This information hub will contain lists ranging from: servers, profiles, just about everything. (Note: My base is completely seperate from Chatspace!)

~ Chat Base ~ 
Access Level: Public -
Send messages in joined servers, DM users, and explore information that your permission level grants you. There will be server profiles, and have server roles, just like Discord! In fact, it will be a lot like Discord!
